Rename project -> app throughout docs (#2632)
evidence-dev/evidence: sites/docs/pages/components/base-map.md

options="URL"
>

> Path to source geoJSON data from - can be a URL (see [Map Resources](#map-resources)) or a file in your app's `static` directory. 

Author: ```suggestion
Path to source geoJSON data from - can be a URL (see [Map Resources](#map-resources)) or a file in your project.
```
